Docs.md, before:

| Error Code | Meaning                                                                 |
| ---------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 0          | Success                                                                 |
| -1         | Request format error                                                    |
| -200       | No file is uploaded (no filepart)                                       |
| -201       | Unsupported file format                                                 |
| -300       | Document already exists                                                 |
| -301       | Document does not exist                                                 |
| -302       | Failed to save to the database                                          |
| -303       | Resource Group does not exist.                                          |
| -400       | Permission Error                                                        |
| -401       | Sign in is required                                                     |
| -402       | Authentication could not be completed because argument x does not exist |
| -403       | User already exist                                                      |
| -404       | User not exist                                                          |
| -405       | Invalid Token                                                           |
| -406       | Token has expired                                                       |
| -500       | User-Agent Not Supported (General)                                      |
| -501       | Wechat-UA Not Supported                                                 |
| -600       | App required                                                            |
| -701      | Exam does not exist                                                        |
| -702      | You have reached your maximum attempts for this exam.                                                        |

Commit message:

Update: Added deprecation warning for api version 1.0.0

Docs.md, after:

| Error Code | Meaning                                                                 |
| ---------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| 0          | Success                                                                 |
| -1         | Request format error                                                    |
| -200       | No file is uploaded (no filepart)                                       |
| -201       | Unsupported file format                                                 |
| -300       | Document already exists                                                 |
| -301       | Document does not exist                                                 |
| -302       | Failed to save to the database                                          |
| -303       | Resource Group does not exist.                                          |
| -400       | Permission Error                                                        |
| -401       | Sign in is required                                                     |
| -402       | Authentication could not be completed because argument x does not exist |
| -403       | User already exist                                                      |
| -404       | User not exist                                                          |
| -405       | Invalid Token                                                           |
| -406       | Token has expired                                                       |
| -500       | User-Agent Not Supported (General)                                      |
| -501       | Wechat-UA Not Supported                                                 |
| -600       | Access method is not allowed                                            |
| -601       | Invalid app signature                                                   |
| -701       | Exam does not exist                                                     |
| -702       | You have reached your maximum attempts for this exam.                   |
| -1000      | Unsupported App Version                                                 |
